hello summer soon it means
open season kebabs in nature
hikes and get-togethers in the evening before
bonfire and in this video i will show how
very quickly make a fire no longer
need to look for paper to chop small
wood chips and fan the fire
we will need an empty can
a candle and a piece of corrugated cardboard for
start carefully cut off the bottom of the banks
then take the cardboard and cut it into strips
the width of the bottom of the banks
twist it and put it inside
take another piece of cardboard and
we fold it in half
make an incision and paste it in the middle
microwave melt the candle and gently
fill with our melted wax
billet and let cool we get
very cool instigator who can
to burn
about an hour during this time you can ignite
even a huge log
it can be used many times for
it only needs to get the instigator
when the church is well inflamed
such instigators are very simple to do and
a few pieces enough for the whole summer
subscribe to my channel like
if you were interested see you on
new videos